And then guys, what I feel, I'm going today.
send warnings to you important
on the channel and everything else and we will
let's go
the first announcement came here to talk
You're the one that I 'm not entering, but the
skype, I feel young, I'm not
I do not want to come because I do not
I know if it's because of so many people
there I have 3,800 people there when
I go in, I'm not even two minutes and he gives
error skype has stopped working
so I can not stay there, you 'll be able to
send message to anyone
I can not answer that it catches everything
a slowness
so now I'm not staying anymore
it's not because I do not want to add
The people I try to enter add more
always fall I format the pc I'll be
here again and I do not know if the
of the capita continuists and only with me
also
This is the warning another warning I'm
releasing a video the videos now by
since I can not play on track j
just facebook on facebook here too
in the fanpage here you put a video
new updated here here will
announcing and on twitter that here
put it goes, it's facebook and twitter
below if you like the channel you want
keep on going will be here
seeing and it's news that I created a
channel secondary to chemotherapy
secondary
You see, he received it so I did not
I will focus on it too much there as in
first primary album because it goes
be more of those sheltered fifth and sixth
I'm going to record the saying here.
I'll give you one video per day
in it the games that I have toc mean that
I did the first full episode.
who gave eight here รณ 887 but goes until 8 of
I'll start doing two three four
five followed then Egypt and places
I've done four
naruto episodes teach the kind of mistake
see you and test yourself
that's all I'm going to record and ask for
ask lag link
then they come too crazy because
I thought that way this zombie game
2 of mortal kombat I'm going to record too
which is a game well foto empurradinha fifa
14 I do not know if I'm going to record yet
I tested it, I just put it just toe
I'm going to record it, I found it well.
it is the style of the mortal kombat of a
radic tactile supermarkets birosca all
So it's going to be on the channel, I'll see if
I can post one per day
I think it will because I always
I record an hour two hours later it's just the
pricking each video will have a 10 15
minutes but it's not going to happen
the focus of the main channel will be Saturday
Monday through Friday plugin Saturday
serves either mini game and Sunday
mini-game I can program myself to
this week patented this channel of good
will not miss the video neither
attended
if not to the end from here '
having a kid is going to have a
co-participation has India connected
I will put everything I can leave there
the top-10 will continue to and still think
I would like to know if this service
follow on twitter over the border and
everything else to follow the videos
will always leave the two videos in the
fanpage I will not post videos that
exit the secondary channel that is believed
the law will be the primary series but
I'm going to let you continue
he had almost the same name I put
sjds that detonated series harry se
subscribe if you liked the
gameplay let's go
since solar and that in the video leaves the
laity of the dry series was to continue
start to end and tell people